This is a head-gum original.
Guys, this episode of our show is brought to you by the Jordan Harbinger Show.
You want a new podcast to look forward to each week, one that's entertaining, informative,
and packed with action, and we'll come on.
Of course you do.
The average podcast listener has six shows and rotations, so you're most likely not just
listening to the head-gum podcast, which is fine, that's totally fine.
In fact, I'd love to share this show with you to add to your list.
The Jordan Harbinger Show is a top-shelf podcast named Best of Apple in 2018, so don't
just ignore my suggestion to listen to this one, like you probably do with your other friends
and tell you to listen to shows.
Jordan dives into the minds of fascinating people.
From athletes, authors, scientists, mobsters, spies, hostage negotiators, I mean, it's unbelievable
the guests see-get, gets.
But he has an undeniable talent for getting his guests to share never before heard stories
and thought-provoking insights.
Without fail, he pulls tactical bits of wisdom, and you know how much I love wisdom, guys.
In each episode, all with the noble cause to make you a more informed, critical thinker
to better operate in today's world.
There's really not a better podcast to listen to casually, or seriously, to expand your
world view.
Jordan's also got a strangely relatable, weekly segment feedback Friday where Jordan covers
advice on everything, from escaping a cult, or psycho-family situations to relationships
and networking to asking for a raise, and honestly, I'm a fan too.
Jordan is a goat when it comes to the airwaves, the podcast waves, and he's got one of
the most highly rated self-development shows out right now.
Point blank, Jordan Harbinger is smart, funny, and easy to listen to.
You'll be pressed to find an episode without excellent conversation a few laughs and actionable
advice that can directly improve your life.
You can't go wrong with adding the Jordan Harbinger Show to your rotation.
It's incredibly interesting, and there's never a dull episode.
So search for the Jordan Harbinger Show that's H-A-R-B as a boy, I-N as a Nancy, G-E-R on Apple
podcast, Spotify, or wherever you listen to your shows.
First in studio LA episode, ever.
Wow.
This is big.
I mean, I'm almost willing to risk the losing the ad revenue.
Should we get it started?
Yeah, I mean, you're going to play it song.
Yeah.
Because usually it over Zoom, you can sort of cut out the unnecessary, like, searching.
So it's cool to see how, see it live like this.
And you also know the soundboard inside and out.
So I don't know why I added a couple new ones, and they're all colored kind of
into currently.
So everybody, everybody, let's get it right.
Yeah.
So no ad revenue now.
YouTube's going to flag that.
Yeah.
We shouldn't introduce our guest, special guest Sally D'Argriff and from TikTok.
You know her from the internet.
You know her from offline.
If your friends are watching her.
Yeah.
I'll send it to him.
Um.
I mean, what a ride it's been.
I was in New York for four months.
I'm back in Los Angeles.
We're in studio.
It feels good.
Yeah.
Feels great.
We have a lot to get to.
Yeah.
We do.
But before that, do you want to plug your stuff up top?
Sure.
My name is Sally D'Argriffin.
Is D'Argriff in your last name?
Or is D'Argriff in your middle?
Yeah.
It's an interesting line.
So it's a double name.
I'm from Tennessee.
So I'm a big southern thing.
Knoxville?
No.
Chattanooga.
Yeah.
Literally met like three people from Chattanooga in Colorado last weekend.
Oh, interesting.
Everybody's cool from there.
Yeah.
They're both like outdoorsy and like makes sense to be there.
Um, no.
I mean, a few people do.
But not everyone.
And so you're, well, somebody asks you your name.
You say Sally D'Argriff.
Mm-hmm.
It's like married Catherine or like.
I see.
The dog just throws a bill because like who's ever heard of that.
Right.
D'Argriff is a unique one.
Yeah.
Also, do you have a middle name?
Or is it just two first names in the last?
It's, if I felt filled out in application,
it would be first name Sally, middle name D'Argriffin.
So dark technically is my middle name.
But I go by the.
I got it.
Okay.
I'm caught up.
Yeah.
Where'd you go to college?
I went to Tulane and New Orleans.
Tulane.
Yeah.
No.
Rutgers.
It really doesn't matter.
Yeah.
We have to get to know each other on air.
Right.
You know, there's no intimacy.
Yeah.
But, you know what?
Let's just get into some waxing here and it'll come up naturally.
Nothing is coming up naturally.
So far.
I'm excited.
Yeah.
Natural use is middle name AK.
He is second name.
So it's Jeff naturally James.
Yeah.
Is it actually?
No.
I don't know.
I mean, my name's James.
Anything is false.
Yeah.
Anything.
Let's talk about your rise to start.
Was it post COVID lockdown?
Um, so TikTok was my main thing that got me going for those who don't know.
Um, I was posting on TikTok a little bit before the pandemic.
But March 2020 and through the summer is like when I really blew up on TikTok.
Wow.
Um, so would you say the pandemic is the best thing that's ever had to be personally.
Yeah.
Like I don't.
I'm not trying to be sensitive.
Obviously it's real.
But I was talking about.
The year of dark.
Really?
I was talking about it with like my friends.
They're like, yeah, like the pandemic, like really like, I hate to say it.
But like it was kind of good.
Like we met all of our friends, whatever.
And I was like, no, it's actually.
It's the best thing that ever happened to me and like a very horrible way.
Yeah.
You became a Hollywood star.
A darling.
Yeah.
Actually, I joined TikTok during the pandemic as well.
Didn't quite go viral slash famous slash live in a hype house for it.
But I do have a hundred thousand followers on there.
So I would say that yes, it to change the trajectory of my self esteemed slash career.
But I'm curious.
Howly not for ear.
Nothing strange in your career.
Yeah.
Oh, I don't know.
There's a lot of fun things.
But that's not because of you.
No, that's because of Marty.
Yeah, business.
Yeah.
And Japan.
Jake did a lot.
So you had TikTok before the pandemic.
But it kind of blew up during the pandemic.
Yeah.
Like I was posting, but not consistently.
And I didn't really know what I was doing.
And then when I was.
So I moved home to Tennessee for like X amount of months.
So I was living with my parents.
Didn't have anything to do.
Yeah.
And so I was just like posting every day.
Which is why you're supposed to do.
Right.
Which is the hardest thing to do.
But it worked.
Yeah.
Here I am.
And did you move out to LA because of TikTok?
No.
I originally moved out here August 2019 for film school.
And then was here until March 2020 moved home.
What moved back August 2020.
So I don't really count that first bar because I like wasn't.
Didn't really do anything in LA.
Didn't move the needle.
Yeah.
A lot of people can hack it and holly weird during their first summer.
I remember considered leaving as well.
But you grew up in the casino.
Right.
I guess what I was going to ask you are getting to ask you.
Is do you remember your first viral clip on TikTok?
And then how big are we talking?
Million?
Ten million?
Here's the thing.
I've made a lot of friends through TikTok and a lot of them are like,
Oh, this one video is what like project like propelled me.
Right.
For me, it wasn't a certain video.
It was just like a series of videos.
I used to make all of these videos sitting in the bathtub.
And it was just those back to back to back.
And they all kind of had like a through line.
Yeah.
Is it none of those like you on purpose, Jeff?
Or did you just, no.
Sorry.
My son is texting about whether or not she wants to move to Washington DC.
Yeah.
No.
But yeah.
It wasn't one video that did it.
Like obviously there were some that were better than others.
But it was really just like the whole like bathtub series that I was known for.
And like some of them had a hundred thousand views.
And they had like a million or whatever.
But it was just that whole time.
But it was comedy.
Yeah.
It wasn't like dancing singing.
No.
But no shade to that.
Love it.
Get your bag.
But I cannot dance for my life.
Yeah.
You've a lot of dancing ones in your drafts that you showed me.
I can't build up the gumption to pull the trigger and post these things.
I think that one would go viral.
Really?
Yeah.
I do.
Because I got one to wop where I'm sort of humping the ground.
I have a few to ratchet, bougie, catchy.
And I'm sort of humping the ground.
Right.
Yeah.
We're just humping the ground in all these.
But it's to completion.
And I feel like TikTok would like definitely.
Of course.
Yeah.
That's what I'm going to say obviously.
Right.
So don't ever pull the trigger.
Don't have the gumption.
Don't ever post it.
Major dealer.
Self-sensor.
Right.
There's no way that has to be.
The audio of your drops are so loud in our ears.
Well, I want him to not normalize that.
Right.
We feel, which is it being at a nine.
And then us talking at a three.
That's going to be that for audio.
Exactly.
But I want everyone else to experience what it feels like to sit across from you.
And hear your poison.
Uh, I don't know if you haven't heard enough of the show to know one of the three lines,
which is that I'm trying to get wise.
Which, you know, can manifest in various audio books on to.
Can manifest in me having a heart to heart with my friends.
Trying to get to know one another on a higher plane of consciousness.
And so that also lends itself to talking about the news in an interesting way.
We sort of abandoned the TikTok thing.
Because like she said that she started posting,
but I didn't really get to understand how salary like,
Sally made it out here and what she ended up doing on TikTok.
That's not bad.
You sort of, you sort of inserted yourself and through the conversation away.
And then made it about you becoming wise.
Yes.
Which is very, it's an unnot wise thing to do is steam roll the show like that as though.
No, I was going to talk about the Amazon MGM merger.
Right, who cares?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Relive it.
So TikTok first.
Right.
Yeah.
And then what was kind of the next big thing?
Right.
Yeah.
So I, after the pandemic, like I moved back August 2020,
kept posting on TikTok and then January 2021,
I met like moved in with some of my internet friends and kind of not high-piles quite.
So more like creative, collective.
Yeah.
And that, we made some videos.
It was more fun than it was productive.
But met a lot of people through the internet, some of my best friends.
And really since then, just been posting.
I mean, I post everywhere.
Like, I mean, I tweet.
I make vlogs.
I post on Instagram.
That TikTok is what started at all.
And now I'm full-time content creator, I suppose.
That's awesome.
And it's mostly on TikTok that you, uh, you're source of.
Yeah.
If I didn't have TikTok, I wouldn't be full-time.
Wow.
Right.
Yeah.
And you're rep by CA.
I'm still on stream.
I used to have a, which is sort of a boutique agency.
I used to have an agency as well.
What's that?
I used to have an agent as well.
Is all.
But you find them.
They dropped you.
It was sort of a mutually agreed upon.
Parting of ways slash distancing.
Ghosting in a way where they sort of take longer and longer to respond to your emails and text.
And so they don't respond at all.
I think it's like a big flex to not have an agent or a manager.
Right.
Yeah.
I think it is.
People don't have your successful.
Yeah.
But you haven't had an audition in three years.
And you haven't stopped ever.
So like, I'm doing the secret style where I'm like, let's put out there the shit that I want
to like flex to the world without necessarily the means of being able to flex it.
So like buying a car that I cannot afford.
I have that.
And now it's, it'll get like whatever compounded default to taking away from me.
I don't have representation, which is kind of a cool move.
Like, you know how Bill Murray's like, I don't have an agent just call me.
Right.
But they don't do the calling me part.
And yeah.
And I'm ruining your life by the way.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I'm on Zilla right now.
Your home just popped up pre foreclosure.
Yep.
That's all sort of tied into the same situation.
Yeah.
Let's talk dating in LA for a second.
I feel like a big part of your brand.
What's one of my favorite talks that you've done?
Talks.
You pretend to have a boyfriend.
Got.
Are you talking about Ted Cruz?
No.
They were like, say, like, it just completely sounds unnatural.
Like, baby.
And then like, all your friends crack up.
Right.
Yeah.
I don't know why that became a thing.
I think that there are like certain things that sell very well online.
People love to know about dating.
Yeah.
And like, that's why you see these like cringey relationship videos that do well.
And you're like, why are these doing well?
Yeah.
I don't get it.
But it's because people like knowing that.
The thing that like I would never share that online, but the people that do.
It's like, oh, I'm going to eat that up because I kind of hate watch it.
Yeah.
So like, I think I do that because I know that people kind of like that.
But I would never tell the truth.
So I just like make up something.
That's the comedy angle of it.
Yeah.
So I pretended to like date Ted Cruz and some people like genuinely thought that I was like the sidepiece.
And I was like, no, it was a joke.
Yeah.
If we show that you're clip to enough people, like you'll just get morons in the in the lot as well.
So like, like here's 10 million people like a thousand of them will think you dated Ted Cruz.
Yeah.
And that's fine. Hey.
If they're interacting with my content, I'll take it.
You think Ted saw it?
I don't know.
Well, his job.
What's interesting is that his daughter joined TikTok and then people started tagging me in one of her videos.
And I was like, I feel like if anyone seen it, it's probably her.
But like I made those videos like a few months ago.
And then she joined like, I don't know.
Maybe three months ago.
She have to know.
So I don't know.
What do you say?
I don't think so.
It's awesome.
Yeah.
It's awesome that she doesn't have two names.
Are you paying attention?
Or no.
I honestly saw a flock.
Yeah.
We kind of, we wax dating on this show a lot, but I'm way too honest.
You are way too honest.
Yeah.
How's your love life?
I don't have to talk about it.
It's just.
Please.
I'll be told.
Still as that sidepiece, right?
Speaking of.
Yeah.
That's not even a throbble technically.
It's just like my partner is dating someone else that I'm not too fond of right now.
Right.
He's a personal trainer.
Yep.
Six four.
Yeah.
Absolutely jacked.
Yes.
My ribs like hurt from trying to surf three weeks ago.
But his are fine.
Right.
And he serves all the time.
I think it's a.
When you work out enough, nothing necessarily.
penetrates the muscles and gets to the bone bruising that I deal with on a near constant basis.
Like even laying down hurts at this point.
It was the last time you saw your girlfriend or your partner weeks ago.
Yeah.
Todd's taking her all around the world.
But I see them on Instagram stories and Instagram live.
Yeah.
Take still the stories there.
I'm I have a finsta because she.
Yeah.
Blocked you.
Oh, Sean.
What's my name on there?
I'm here.
I think it is just out of the area.
Yeah.
So I guess.
That's also kind of a cool flex.
So my Instagram name is just my first name.
It is.
That's cool.
Yeah.
You got on like very early.
When was Instagram?
Was it like 2011?
Yeah.
And it's our super hip hurt.
It's time for Bond of the Week.
Couldn't hear you because it was too loud.
I said it'll be mixed down.
So Daniel Craig is out as the new Bond, as the old Bond.
And we don't know who the new Bond is.
So every week on this show, we cast our choice for the next double of the
same the next James.
And this week, my pick is Melissa Urban.
Nice.
Yeah.
He created a whole 30.
It's like 30 who cares. Yeah, you don't you don't hold 30 no, I don't you don't a whole 30
Who cares? It's like 30 day diet and you're like no sugar. It's a new trick. It's a
That one people like eat brosos sprouts for breakfast. It's not Ryan. It's like you can't have any the only sauce
You can have
amino acids and mustard
But you can have ghee. You know about ghee
Uh-huh clarified butter. Yeah, you know about ghee and let me clarify that this butter sucks
And you're nutritionist picked to be the bond of the week. It's never gonna fly
There's no way she could pull off the action. She's already at the top of the fitness industry
Now she has to branch out. It's about having multiple streams of income. Right? Yeah, bread ghee. No, haven't really
You must not know about ghee. You must not know about ghee
Take some cream and sure in that fish
Matter of fact you might even clarify it baby
You must not know about ghee. You must not know about ghee. I guess you can eat it
She's been on hold 30 so don't you ever for a second get to thinking
Butter's healthier
That was good. No, you don't have to lie. It was pretty bad
I see so bond of the week was a way into
Talking about the whole 30 creator which was a way into ghee
Which you wrote because you ran out of words that rhymed with me for that specific beyond say song
Is the walk you can say however long this die tribe is gonna be I'm gonna edit it out. Yeah. I'm done
We should probably take a break
No, the energy sourd after that. Yeah, yes, right we agree. We agree actually. We a ghee
Way better than
Thank you to athletic greens for sponsoring this episode of our show guys
I use athletic greens every day. It makes me feel amazing in my body, man
I mean if you have always wanted better gut health more energy optimized immunity
But you hate taking pills and supplements
But you want one that actually tastes great and all in one nutritional insurance
You got to check out athletic greens. So what is this stuff? Well with one delicious scoop of athletic greens
You're absorbing 75 high-quality vitamins minerals whole foods or superfoods probiotics and adaptogens to help start your day right
This special blend of ingredients supports your gut health your nervous system immunity energy recovery
Focus and aging all the things, right? I
Personally consume it in the morning. I'll have a glass of water and then I'll have my athletic greens and it just starts the day right
I feel energized. I feel ready to go and it tastes good. It looks green, but it doesn't taste like mud
All right, I love it. It's a little sweet, but there's no artificial sweeteners
It's lifestyle friendly whether you keto paleo vegan dairy-free or gluten-free
It is right for you it contains less than one gram of sugar no GMOs no nasty chemicals or artificial anything while still tasting good
It also supports better sleep quality and recovery
Mental clarity and alertness, and it's the one thing with the best things
athletic greens uses the best to the best products based on the latest science with constant product iterations and third-party testing
Athletic greens was created when the founder experienced a ton of gut health issues and ended up on a
Complicated supplement routine to recover it cost him over a hundred dollars a day
So he created athletic greens after experiencing how difficult it was to create an optimal nutrition routine on your own
They make it easy
So right now, it's time to reclaim your health and arm your immune system with convenient daily nutrition
Especially heading into cold and flu season. It's just one scoop in a cup of water every day
That's it. No need for a million different bills and supplements to look out for your health
To make it easy athletic greens is going to give you a free one-year supply of immune supporting vitamin D and
Five free travel packs with your first purchase all you have to do is visit athletic greens dot com slash what's that again?
That's athletic greens dot com slash what's that to take ownership over your health and pick up the ultimate
Daily nutritional insurance. Thanks athletic greens. This podcast is sponsored by better help online therapy guys relationships take work
Right a lot of us will drop anything to go help someone we care about
We'll go out of our way to treat other people well
But how often do we give ourselves the same treatment right?
I've been in therapy for gosh almost three years now, and I'm a changed man. I'm happy and
This month better help online therapy wants to remind you that you can do the same to take care of your most important relationship
The one that you have with yourself whether it's hitting the gym making time for a haircut or even trying therapy
You are your greatest asset. So invest the time in the effort into yourself like you do for other people
Therapy has been unbelievable for me. I feel like I know myself. I feel like I know my worth right
It's been a truly life changing. So if you've been thinking about therapy better help can be a great
In better help is online therapy that offers video phone and even live chat sessions with your therapist
So you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to it's also much more affordable than in person therapy
And you can be matched with a therapist and under 48 hours
So give it a try and see why over 2 million people have used better help online therapy this podcast again is sponsored by better help
And the headgon pod guys listeners get 10% off their first month at better help.com slash what's that?
That's better help B-E-T-T-E-R-H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that? Thanks better help
All right, we're gonna get into some segments
Welcome back
Guys with Olympus kit. I'm aware of them. Yeah, I know the name. That's cool. Well
This is a segment I like to call
It's gonna keep going on. It's a long long. Yeah, it's a way over. I should trim it down
There's no way you can't control the volume. I can't hear you. Yeah
It's starting to wrap up
You
I like to call this segment Durst traps
Now you can talk because again. It was too loud even during the applause. Yeah, let's hear it. It goes on too long. Yes
Yes, yeah, we agree. We talked to you about this
I'd have to download it. Oh, we met the entire show. I wasn't talking about that
Yeah, I meant the run of the podcast. So you want to be like a daily show like the day I wanted to be over
Have run it's course and now we're doing something else
This is Durst traps
You guys are familiar with thirst traps. Yeah, yeah, were you post a photo for those who don't know of you when you look kind of hot
Fred Durst to me to my eyes are is not that an attractive of a man
But used in the mid 90s you guys were bored in the 90s, but I was sort of coming of age during this time
Yeah, and as a teenager, he was considered very cool and yes indeed quite hot
Yeah, okay. Well, I've pulled up a couple photos of Fred Durst and I thought we could kind of come to a consensus vote
Whether or not it's a thirst trap or not whether it's hot enough to call it a Durst trap
Okay, all right. This is cool. We're using the live medium. Yeah, we have a lot of tech that we can play with now. That's cool
Also, usually I have the defense mechanism of being on zoom where the ambient awkwardness doesn't affect me
But now I feel like genuinely bad as a person. Yeah, that's interesting. That's a fun little new dynamic slash wrinkle of the show
And then we also have Narraganset beer if anybody wants to can
Sorry for sell that as like branded content
You've mentioned a beer right now. That's not like an ad that had come to sold
It's a brand ambassador for Narraganset so they sent me beer right
Or I buy it and they reimbures me
Here we go. This is the first one. What do I think is this a durst beer now? I feel like it is look at his eyes
Lights in his eyes and he has big hands and cool tattoo right you only has big hands so because it's like the
Fish right. Yeah, yeah, that's right. No, if anything you probably is small hands if you have to use that
Wow, yeah, also I feel it's a mention we all have to come to an agreement
I see you so it's not I think it's not we're to split down the middle. Wow. How do we do a tiebreaker of who's who?
Did you genuinely think this is a sexy photo of Fred Durst? Yes
In a vacuum though not for Durst if you're ranking it from worst to Durst this is closer to the latter for sure
I think it gets worst for Durst going for worse
Look at him Casey our in-house producer sort of be the type rate. Yeah, Casey. What do you think hot or not?
Not oh, all right. Very good
All right, number two still in that Anna I'm angels hat wearing what appears to be motocross gloves
And an under armor under a baggy t-shirt also he's snarling the shooting symbol. Yeah, that's just one
He kind of looks like Mark Wahlberg meets Drake
Yeah
He's not in a can where his like that should be his happy place, but he looks angry. Yeah, he's looking cool slash hard of it
I'm gonna go know no, he looks like someone I'd meet at a local barn my hometown. Yeah, very good
Didn't yeah, what's that didn't get to vote for that? Yeah, but it's already consensus, but yeah, if you want to throw in your
God, it's tough to say you don't have to be contrary in either
It's just fast you can do everything so we got no no no no then it comes down to me
Right, yeah, that's not it already has come. I'll say yes because of the beard is full and good the beard is unkempt and ungrimmed also I'm a huge
Anna I'm angels why of Anna I'm fan yeah
I think it's something about Tim Sam and their old start player that
gets me intrigued slash turned on when I see this picture of Fred Durst
Next one, so you're just in viewing the player onto him and he's not the player
I just want to think of a quick shout out because I don't know if we've referenced Tim Sam and we have not we haven't and probably
Tim Sam and Rushdie. That's really good. Let's see the next picture
Obviously not who is that is there no other no shirtless ones is that Tony Clifton?
Yeah, this is not Fred Durst. No, it is Fred Durst. I think it's it might be him dressed up as Robert Durst
Oh
Who's that he's a serial murderer are they related? I think they are vaguely related. Yeah, that's great
I love to hear that my manager reps Fred Durst so maybe we should have gotten to call in
Yeah, this is not absolutely actually you know what I might say yes to this one because there's that dirt bag
Sheek thing that some guys do for Halloween and I'm like that's that's pretty good
I'm the most thirst trap out of all these is the first one now I'm regretting my decision
What I told you guys I didn't know if you're gonna get dressed up for your first
They all are in a vacuum you can't do it relative to the other ones. Here we go now. This one's no
See no small hands
Yeah, it also doesn't look like he knows how to ride the board
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't think he's more of a musician than a producer obviously right I deal you're both like Johnny
Okay, no
I don't think so
I'm not on these are doing it for me. I mean, I think in his eyes. This is a Durst trap
Right, I think all the public yeah, the public sphere. No, but again his eyes are nice and blue in this photo and his go-ty
Or a soul patch situation it goes down to become a throaty interest
And then it comes a blue tee that he's wearing sort of becomes a hair shirt
I'll give this one a yay as well. Oh, wait. Yes, wait
y'all
Okay, now he's acting a little bit. I think this is the new Durst and he's thick. He loves gloves
Absolutely
Do you guys know what that goes on? No
You guys are going off the bucket hat. I think he you can see his eyes that he's less angry
He's might this is Durst and therapy
Yeah, he's currently holding up a mic to his better health therapist
I'm sorry. I can't hear you. I think your zoom is frozen
That's a bow Jackson jersey. So I guess he's from California. He's constantly ripping
California sports. You know
It's a cool sleeve. It's a fun hat and
Again his beard is full of his eyes are blue. I'm gonna give it to Durst. Let's give him one fucking thirst trap. Yeah, I'll give him that one too. Yeah
All right
I'm saying no to all of them unfortunately. I think this one's a quick no he's angry
He's a bad boy. You know what I think my issue is before I move further is that I think that will thirst trap
Obviously is like a or you can get it in action
Thirst trap is like a more modern term
But thirst trap implies that it's like an intentional thing
Maybe they're you're taking them or you're giving you're found being like no take a hot photo of me
Yeah, and some of these like he doesn't even know they're being taken
Brian so it doesn't feel intentional. I think this one does he's being taken and I do I think he's actually hot in this one as well
You said yes to every single one
No, I'd sort of wasn't too fond of the Robert Durst one the one where he looked like Andy Kaufman's altar
You got Tony Clifton. He isn't as some sort of weird suit. This one I think isn't attractive photo of a man
I like face looks good. I like that he's in a void like we don't really know where he is
Lala Palusa 2003. This was shot in a TRL studio somewhere
So yeah
I'm sorry guys. I'm saying no. I'll say I'll say no to this one
I'm gonna have to say yes. Oh, oh, we got another tie. I'll just say yes, then so we can move on. Well, what about Casey? We'd like to have a tie breaker
No, because I think it's rude
I flipped it for me because his face looks good but he looks like I don't want to hang out with that
But I like the flipping of the bird where the the second and fourth finger are like writing
Those like that because some people go like that and that's too now that we have a video
We can show this is just the middle bird yeah, and my my fingers are sort of you see
I think like a bowling pin a little bit like thin at the middle and why didn't you face or something like that?
You worked on your new job for like a couple of months to get fit and then you just kept getting your hands stuck in
I just got my hands thinned
Backfired, but that's a good looking bird. Oh, that's an attractive guy. This is this is what I was excited to get to
This is a zaddy face. Exactly. I'm I'm
Four months away from being this man. I'm almost entirely gray. I can't quite pull off the food man chew
But I'm ready for it. Yeah, see this one makes sense because it's like obviously intentional like he is he
He thinks this is a thirst drop. Is it doing anything for me? No, but like I think that it is a thirst trap
Because he he's trying to make it a thirst trap. So I'm gonna say yes. We finally got a yes at a sale
I know what I'm gonna have to agree. It is a thirst trap. It's a thirst trap
You Durst not know about traps you Durst not know about ghee
Scary
Oh, and then our last one here we go. This is classic Durst
I can't even power through yeah, he's definitely related to Robert based on the
The last thing is victim saw he's like he's putting a hex on me. Yeah
So no, all right, I think we did. Yeah, we need not say
Oh, that was Durst traps. That was good. That was good. Johnny has prepared an amazing segment. Wow
I've been excited for since he touched down at Burbank smart in the Burbank. I marked him off
On Monday, Johnny. Do you need some time do we need to bam? Do we need to wax?
I think that I'm good. All right, so I also brought a laptop just like Jeff. Yeah a smaller one though. Yeah, because I'm
Pretty much his mini
His mini so wait, let me give you a little intro
This is not a little intro. I've heard this audio before it's really long
It goes on too long
But again
It's getting old. Yeah, the stick is getting old. Yeah, two long sounds two loud sounds. It's like
We're hemorrhaging listeners and advertisers
I know I did this all out so people don't know how bad things are
Okay
By the way the vibrate now is like a four year old in a six year old like want to put on a
Play
Where should we stand? All right, do it ready
Here's come on give me the cord
Yeah, well, this is the time for laughs. I get it
I'm all for a laugh and I'm all for laughs
Probably this is not the time for a business deal. Oh
You're a TikTok star at Sally Dar Griffin, correct? We can agree on that everybody
And I'm somewhat of a star as well on today, but that is big a start for
Unfortunately, I'm sorry half a million. Oh, through you. Yeah, half a million. Yeah, you have half a million fans. That's correct. Yeah. Yeah, I'm right behind you 63
Secretary and
thousand or no just like 63. Oh, it was 62 yesterday, but like 63 today. All right. You're dad finally followed
Yeah, follow me back. I kept texting you
I'd like to think of myself as a valuable business associate in the realm social media
My team at my personal company pretty wack industry is
We want to make your fan count even larger, you know, it's bigger than 500 half a million
Tell me a million
Okay, yeah, it's gonna get even bigger than that. You're like 650
Sounds like
I audited the platform on my own time. I'm not much of an avid user of TikTok, but uh to prepare for the segment
I really dive deep into it and I realized that audio is what makes a tick
Talk
Explosion
I come to you miss Griffin with an opportunity that will change your digital footprint
Does that sound like something that you're interested in?
Of course. Great. So instant no
Yeah, I'm a computer. We could do sweet greens for lunch
I've created a few uh different audios and these are completely original compositions
That no one else has heard before up until this point and I'm giving you Sally Dar
Peter Griffin the chance to go away
The next viral audio in your TikTok and you're given actual full permission to use this in your future videos
And whatever red the revenue streams that you may have so let's get right into it
I have lyric cards so viewers can follow along Jeffrey it can you play
Tudal time. That's what this one's called Tudal time
Is this
That's it. Well, that's one. That's one. Okay
So what do you imagine she's gonna use that audio for? Okay, you're gonna be okay hang on. Could you to find a Tudal for me?
Yeah, yeah, so that's you that's put an annoyed by that
That's a really
It's already not going well nice question that
So
Yeah, I'm sure everybody even at home is asking what is Tudal time
But that's the beauty of it. You are getting in on the ground floor to
Embue whatever kind of definition that you want Tudal time to be it could be positive it could be negative
Not only are you starting a social media trend?
I can honestly foresee a Webster's entry
No way for Tudal time. Yeah, we still haven't defined it you think there's gonna be an eight episode
Are okay fine. What do we think Tudal time could be I don't know it seems like it's some dance
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we're like waltzing down the street or yeah
It can be a series you just don't you obviously
We're the videos there. What would you do with Tudal time? I guess it's like a are we doing like an eight episode arc
Is that what we're doing now? We don't have to do an eight episode arc. You could do a single
Do you attend episode?
It could be a lot longer than that
I'm thinking big year. Yeah, a amusement park
At least we at the very least we have to get it off the ground pilot it. Do you have other ideas or that
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Okay. Yeah, it's a lot because let's hear the
Mal and then because it might we like the Durst one and we might come back and realize Tudal time was
Accidadolly the best. Okay, yeah. Well actually, um so you have the freedom to think whatever Tudal time is gonna be
So I went ahead and purchase the Dota the domain Tudal time dot com T O o D l e time dot com for one year
Which will redirect you or Tic-tock profile
We did do actually do that.
Yeah.
This is no way.
This contract is an agreement that you,
Oh, I'm so much.
He's wearing a wire on my interest level.
This is a real thing.
So what does that say?
Funny.
Yeah.
It's the total time agreement.
Wait, so what does this mean?
What am I signing?
It means that I'm giving you a beautiful permission to use this word that I've created.
Okay.
All of your content.
So she's so pretty.
And she owns the domain.
Ah, yeah.
She also owns the domain.
So you can sign at the bottom right there.
That's insane.
That's just the first one.
Okay.
Yeah.
You should actually read contracts but in this scenario.
I'm not going to.
Send it to left.
Ginsburg for the first time.
I'm just going to send this clip to my agent and just be like, I signed something live on.
I don't know what to say.
And she's going to be like, I think somebody owns my TikTok now.
Yeah.
I just signed over all of my rights.
That's great.
You can't do it.
If you're listening, go to TudalTime.com.
And then go to my TikTok and then follow.
That's really good.
This girl is all fine.
TudalTime is now yours.
All right.
Okay.
The end of the road.
I can't get better than that.
Okay.
So, yeah.
Well, no, it's going to get better.
My private investigator actually let me know that you're a human.
When you get this money.
That huge Carly Simon fan, right?
Of course.
Right.
Okay.
And you swell sweaters at SDG Nits.
Correct.
Okay.
Yeah.
Everyone.
These are handmade sweaters.
Great.
Is that not sweater?
This is one of them.
I normally do words, but this is a blue dog.
See, look at that.
It's great.
So let's combine your biggest passions.
Carly Simon and sweaters.
And make a TikTok audio that's unique to you and you only.
I gave the Carly Simon song,
but he does it better.
A complete overall.
And it's going to get the attention of the untapped market.
I see.
You know where this is going.
Jeff, can you play?
Nobody does it sweater.
There we go.
Carly Simon is.
Okay.
Carly's word that's too big to like, Liz.
We went to staples last night.
Johnny said I need a few things.
I heard that.
Yeah, you guys want to go to staples now.
And I thought you meant like a statement.
You went to an office supply to get that.
If I did go to the arena, I would have said crypto.com.
Crypt smart.
Who was saying that?
Who was that?
Who's that singing?
That was me.
Really?
That was great.
Much better that you must not know about ghee, of course.
The bars low.
That can go over any sweater video that you may produce.
Yes.
Or it can be played a birthday party.
You have full permission to do that.
It's ever green and loved by all.
Here is a.
No way.
Come on.
You gotta be.
Out of the original contracts.
Make it all monster.
Why are you the next.
Great.
Right.
You.
Sign the next two.
Let's do the second page of the first music.
No, just the first.
So that contract will give you full licensing and distribution rights for that song.
Which is a pair.
How many pages do you have?
I think there's a few.
It's a stack.
This thing.
This isn't three.
You make a million dollars.
Right.
And for the next one.
I heard.
One of her TikToks and it had the Kim Kardashian audio of.
They took it off.
Yeah.
They removed the audio.
Oh, that's such a shame to hear.
Which one are you talking about?
The one where she's talking about.
You should get your ass up at work.
Right.
Okay.
So that one stayed.
But I made a parody of that.
But they took down.
Oh no.
That was very lucy.
I know it was going viral.
And I was getting followers.
Yeah.
Borderline sex tapes on there.
I know.
Oh, they took down my video saying you should might be able to try mushrooms.
So let's try this again.
So what's the difference?
I don't know.
They took it down.
Anyways.
Keep going.
Yeah.
Like, obviously we're talking about it.
It seems like it did numbers on your TikTok profile.
Like it or not.
Kim Kardashian is a hot topic.
And I like that you use her audio.
It was brilliant from a content standpoint.
We get it.
She has a good clip.
What are you bringing?
It's not danceable.
It's what I'm trying to say.
And TikTok is talking.
Yeah.
It's not big for dancing.
And I look.
I can't shake my ass to it.
And I shake my ass to a lot of things.
So what I did was I made a sound that gives you the virality of Kim Kardashian with the
Densibility of Cotton I Joe.
Jeff.
Can you play work?
It seems like nobody wants to work these days.
Get your fucking ass up and work.
Got a work.
It's you grip walking to that.
Yeah.
I think it's just that.
That would actually go by.
And I really want to sound.
There we go.
That was for sale.
I just want to show you I can do it.
Yeah, there's not a contract with that.
See, that one's for the girls in the gaze.
Not optional.
You got a vote.
Okay.
Since we already have your signature for music licensing,
this the next contract.
Turns out you're like this.
Yeah.
That's really.
Let's be be your indentured choreographer for this.
I'm sort of a sort of a sort.
Right.
I'm signing away my human rights to be a choreographer for this.
My last indentured choreographer didn't work out.
Okay.
This is a great deal.
Yep.
Wow.
That one actually was really like that would go viral.
Truly.
All we need is one influencer.
Yeah.
To make the plan.
We need one stally dark riff.
Yeah.
Great.
And now.
This is amazing.
I'm seeing a lot of solid traction with this partnership already.
I'm very excited.
I hope you are too.
Yeah.
What if Jeff's like, we ran out of time before you got to any of this.
Did you go next week?
I'm not looking.
I'm not only thinking of what's going to go viral now.
Obviously, Kim Kardashian, two, three weeks down the line.
She's underwater.
She doesn't know where we're not talking about Kim Kardashian anymore.
Not true.
Okay.
I'm thinking of a future business opportunities and prospects.
I can see your name and screens everywhere.
Times Square.
A lot of screens there.
Yeah.
Muscreens.
Modern Hollywood.
Right.
Scott.
In five to ten years, I want you to actually answer to your genuinely.
Where do you hope to see yourself?
Genuinely.
Yeah.
I hope to not be relying on the internet as much as I currently have to.
So something in the more quote unquote traditional Hollywood space, whether that's like TV.
But not fully abandoning the internet and then also small business of selling my sweaters.
Me, great.
That's great.
And I'm glad you said that.
I want listeners right now to root for you and follow your five to ten year trajectory.
And I'm glad you said something that's more traditional.
What I have is an idea for a Sally dark riff and rock musical.
That would be a huge hit.
It's relating to sweaters.
I think rent.
But instead of following the life and times of artists in New York, it's about sweaters.
Pretty easy.
Obviously, you're going to assist in writing the book and music and lyrics.
And obviously, now choreography.
Are going to be my for me and my team at Pretty Wack.
I put together a demo of a song from that musical.
Jeffrey, can you play the final audio?
What's the do with all the frees in the world?
I need a swimmer.
Oh.
I'll be so fat.
I have to run my skin on and out the bed on.
There we go.
No, no, no, no, no.
Can't get enough more shots.
Okay.
Give me all of your sweaters and quench my thirst.
It's like next to normal.
Yeah.
Kind of very sexual.
Very, very sexual.
I like that.
No more khakis.
Yeah, no more khakis in the sweater.
Huh?
Never mind.
What's the least of your concerns, I guess.
So as you can see, your angle can be realized post-haste.
I want you to sign the final page.
And your plan will be realized with the help of Pretty Wack in five to ten years.
Right.
This is an actual contract from the cherry lane fee.
I'm a 40 day run.
Can I count you in?
Yeah.
Cool because.
My signature is getting progressively less and less logical.
Can't count me in.
Yes.
I will count you.
All right.
You won't be disappointed.
My private investigator will be in contact with you.
I love how you need a PI to do that.
The check the internet.
All right.
Jeffrey, thank you for letting me see my god.
That was unbelievable Johnny.
So what did Johnny tell you?
Yeah.
I'll wait till.
What did Johnny tell you when he landed that you're like, this is a great idea.
I just know Johnny has a creative genius.
I see.
I tried not to tell him anything about what was going to happen.
We should say Johnny flew out just for this record.
He's only in LA for me.
Did he know that?
Wait.
That's true.
Oh my god.
Wow.
I love the idea of you like thinking of me as you're like landing and burbank.
Very romantic.
That was so cool.
All right.
We have one last segment.
Here we go.
Let's get a good intro.
Okay.
Oh my god.
No.
This is a plug for SDG Nits.
I like to call this segment.
Nitches.
Knit pitches.
So I love your stuff.
But I want to know, how do you come up with the sayings or two words or letters or designs?
What's the inspiration for that?
So this one was custom for my friend Courtney, average fashion blogger.
She wanted one.
She's always doing self tapes and she thought it would be funny.
If she like did a self tape wearing this.
So this one was custom.
Did it work?
I don't think it's worked.
It will though.
She's a star.
Yeah.
But yeah, this one was custom.
But the other ones, I just think, I mean, I like the big letters and I like them to be like four to five letters.
And it's kind of like a little bit of a.
How does this take?
This is very impressive.
These are great.
It depends on how focused I am in general, like a week.
I just finished one that took like two weeks.
I would have seen like a month.
Yeah, Jesus.
Um, no.
Well, I do when I like watch TV.
So like that.
I think about how much you watch TV.
Are you mostly looking down when you're knitting or you're like looking up the TV and blindly.
It depends.
It depends on I can do it without looking.
I'm always checking.
Wow.
This one, I literally have in the same way that people have ideas in their notes for like videos
or like tweets, whatever.
I have ideas for phrases for knitting.
Um, and like I just, this one's funny.
Like I think the phrase Tommy went as hilarious.
Have you sold any of these or you just have them to show people?
No.
I'm in the weird fit.
I like to keep some of them for myself.
And I'm like, I want to keep that for myself.
But I'm starting to sell.
So like selling to Courtney.
She was the first one I really sold to.
And then when I just finished, it's for my friend named.
Uh, bug girl 200 is her username and she has a brand called bug girl 200 brand.
Yeah.
So I'm selling her one because she's like a fellow like fashion girl.
Um, so I'm selling to very few people that are like friends.
I'm selling to friends first.
Yeah.
See how it goes.
Um, well, so I, it must be hard to come up with these.
Uh, and I thought that maybe we could add to your list of inspiration.
Okay.
Come up with a little bit.
She's a couple niches rather.
Uh, you did say you like to keep it to five to six letters so you might not like.
Oh, no.
Hey, I can change the pattern.
All right.
Uh, Bruce Mangostein.
Meaning.
Just walk me through that.
Yeah.
Because that's not like spring is a bed fruit.
So I don't understand if this is a play on spring with mango.
Bruce Springsteen.
But Bruce Mangostein.
Yeah.
It's quirky.
It's a reverent.
People are going to look twice at the sweater and be like, what did you get that?
Right.
What is it?
They're going to be accusatory.
More like not really curious.
Who would buy a Bruce Mangostein sweater?
Right.
It feels to nobody.
Also, I think they should be on three lines, right?
Because the scene is almost going to the back of the.
Well, I ran out of space.
Yeah.
So she will definitely run out of space.
Because you can actually make it digitally a lot smaller than she could.
Yeah.
And obviously, you know how to do that.
You tilted the text.
So you can resize and make it a little bit smaller.
Well, now I'm getting nervous and shutting down.
Because if you didn't like this one, you're not going to like any of these.
Well, actually Sally didn't weigh in on that one.
Okay.
I think it's great.
I have a similar idea in my phone.
I think it's Stanley 2G 8 my child or something like that.
So like a similar energy.
Yes.
People look twice.
Yeah.
That's funny.
This one is like Bruce Mangostein.
It's a fun of nothing.
Yeah.
Here we go.
Crab rangoon afternoon.
That's good.
That one.
I do like a crab rangoon.
Perfect.
So I've been thinking about like,
Drunch alternatives.
Because I've been trying to drink less.
Just for, you know, health.
And, you know, and maybe instead of
Drunch with, you know, with all the gang on Sunday after night out.
You go out and you just got a couple crab crab rangoons.
Yeah.
In the afternoon.
That's perfect.
I like that when you said crab rangoon afternoon,
our producer Casey had to look up in this movie.
That's a lot of street.
All right.
So that one might go.
Here we go.
Eat lamb.
Not meat.
Oh.
I'm actually.
I'm like in this one.
I have a cookbook that has a lamb hummus that I want to make.
Yeah.
And so like this is really fitting in with my life personally.
Awesome.
And then you can take it out of lamb's wool.
What's that?
That's good.
My picture would be eat veal not meat because veal is probably the worst kind of thing.
I have.
It's literally cows that are killed as adolescent.
Right.
Yeah.
So nobody would actually think that.
Right.
That one's good to eat lamb meat.
Here we go.
It's okay to least a hat.
You tweeted that.
Yeah.
This is trying to make it.
Somebody likes to get on that.
That one got kind of like 200.
Okay.
But it is okay to least a hat.
It is not illegal.
Exactly.
It's not against the rules.
You can, yeah.
No, not at all.
You can least a hat.
You can have a fedora that you make monthly payments on.
Right.
And then so this sweater is like you could wear it with the hat that you're renting.
Yeah.
Personally, this doesn't spark joy for me because it doesn't.
Give me an interesting sentence or sentiment that I want to put out in the world.
So you would Marie condo this.
You'd get it out of time.
Okay.
Put it in the to go box.
Donate it to somebody who would ever think that this is a good idea.
And I think it's just you because you tweeted it and it didn't resonate with anybody.
I don't believe.
Right.
200 people.
Well, the yellow reason 200 people liked it was because they saw a mirror's reply.
So which was it.
So like it boosted it a lot more.
I think if we didn't do anything interact, it wouldn't have gotten.
It's like that old.
I think it was it.
One of the earliest TikTok.
It's like stop.
He's boosted in minds.
Skinny guy like doing that dance.
Anyway.
Who's got your smile and like that?
Who's got your least in love?
Leave me to die.
That's good for fall.
Yeah.
Love a fall sweater.
Imagine Daniel Craig in that.
It'll sound like it'll look like the new bond movement.
No time.
THYME.
To die.
That's good.
All right.
There's no crying and chats worth.
Huh.
That one is going on to the set.
Oh, yeah.
I don't know.
Do you know where chats worth is?
No.
I'm feeling like I should.
It's deep in the valley.
Gotcha.
And we shot Lonely and Horny up there.
That's right.
Yeah.
There's a lot of space over there.
And do you know what that's the quote is referencing?
Uh, there's no crying in.
Uh, I don't know.
Baseball.
Um.
So the reference is lost.
And then also it's at about a place that Sally's never heard of.
Yeah.
And it also sounds very similar to where I'm from.
Right.
I should have done more research.
It's all the things that you're going to do.
Yeah.
You guys did a lot of research.
You're going to know about that.
All right.
Here we go.
Offline ceramics.
Oh.
That one's good.
I know that reference.
And I'm like a mount one.
Yeah.
You have a hat.
That's like that, right?
Yeah.
I almost interned for them in like 2017.
Nice.
Uh, because I was really into tie dye.
Um, and I was living in tie dye.
And uh, you weren't seeing that.
I had a, what's the opposite of a pen.
I guess a basement at the US bank tower.
You have an opposite of a penthouse.
Yeah.
Okay.
Be a basement.
I do live at the basement right now.
Um, but anyway, I thought that'd be kind of quirky in a reverent.
Yeah.
No.
I like that one.
I mean, I don't own an online ceramic shirt.
So this would be a good alternative.
Um, yeah.
You might get a season to sit, but it'll be worth it.
Probably.
I mean, I might get a new one.
Oh, my god.
I get it again with the white band.
Somehow it's just like small looking even more small complaint.
But you chose the worst color to add on to.
They do that's kind of a style of online ceramics, but good note.
That's right.
Green on dark gray.
Yeah.
Sox to see.
That's fair.
Yeah.
Um, all right.
And this might be the last one.
Let's see.
When's the beef?
Oh, that's nice.
Do you know what that's a reference to?
Instead of when it's where's the beef?
Yeah.
So we're speechless.
No, it's good.
It's similar to like, tell me when where it's like,
What is this leading to?
Like, I don't know.
Who's what would you answer this sweater with?
You probably answer it with crab ring.
All right.
Of course.
Yeah.
Just like the wrong question.
That is on the front.
Crab ring.
Good afternoon on the back.
When's the beef, though?
Um, so I think that's it.
Let's.
Yep.
Oh, wait.
This is yummy.
This is exclusive yours.
Yeah.
This is using me as well.
CNN anchor.
So now I, do.
Well, the question is, is she's on me?
What is on me?
It's like, is it that easy?
Oh, yeah.
Every two months, Jeff tweets this, or I told him to tweet it.
And he always do.
He never does well.
I'm going to throw it a like next time.
Yes.
Go up.
I love you.
God, that's good stuff.
This is just in Jared Leto 50 response to buzz about his pupil appearance. It doesn't matter
Like just end on this just kind of wax about it if you guys don't need thoughts
It does seem like he's not responding
That's what I said. I was like this isn't an article. He didn't get a response
He said words to you in an email. It doesn't matter. What a scoop
This is that this is people magazine. That means like a group of like five editors was like send it out
Right my impression of this was like the writer just like had a deadline at midnight was just like
Send yeah, it's like Jared Leto 50 response to his useful appearance
What question mark?
That's fine. What do you say?
What's that we got it?
We just need a headline. Thanks Jared
You walking walking out of a pop a johns or something pop up johns
That's a pizza. Yeah, that's only around for two weeks
Have you ever do you get paparazzo coming up to you? Oh my god. How famous do you think I am?
I don't know no, not at all. I never go west to the 101. So
No, no, never as you're no one to ask for a picture with you. Yeah, okay
Yeah, well, what was that gonna happen to me
It's funny though it happens less than LA and more like if I'm home and chat and you're gonna
Happens more but because like LA of people rag and they were just like oh whatever your hometown hero
I suppose yeah, and I we actually wanted to talk to you about that. What are you doing for the community of chat a new girl?
Because you have this one now
What they have a meme account that I throw a few likes. I think that's like a really good thing for the community
I go back like twice a year
That's like nice the month my presence and over more a day weekend every six months I grace with my present
Yeah, yeah, make a mission trip. Yes, yeah, all right. Well, we made it through we powered through
That was easy
Sally Dar what do you want to plug the floor is yours when we want to point the people to the floor is yours go
I'm gonna plug everything my name is Sally Dar Griffin find me on TikTok at
Solidar Griffin Twitter at Sally Dar Letterbox for my film Rose Sally Dar
Yeah, Instagram at Solidar Griffin YouTube, Sally Dar Griffin can find me anywhere no one has my name
So it's very easy
Yes, that's why we chimed calm
Yeah, it'll time that home
Yeah, as a forwarding URL for sure. Yeah, yeah
Johnny Amir you guys have anything you're working on obviously not a mirror, but Johnny
Okay, you don't have to look kind of awfully bad
But well the the reddit show is dead in the water. Yeah, it was in
The game shows that development hell, as they say, yeah, sort of but two pilot seasons of past
These lawyers get involved in everything slows these PIs get in me
Nobody ever just hands me a contract to sign you know
Right, yeah, and we can't all be like me exactly you can follow me on Instagram at Johnny V
J.O.H. and N.Y. V.I. I follow me there
I'm gonna be releasing music eventually
Yeah, just follow me there also go to total time also if you need a private investigator hit me up
I've got a great rack got a great guy. I'm here. What anything two things one do you think you'll use that
The sweater the Carly Simon sweaters though. No, no, it's it's sweater. Yeah, maybe. Yeah, yeah
Why did you why? Maybe he's a no in the world. What else are you gonna say?
And then secondly
I wore shorts today. I'm not sure if they're like front and center in the frame
I look forward to seeing what they look like Casey said to us super that was in your ring pants great. Yeah, yeah
I was like it's a warm day out. I didn't think about the camera aspects of it all but like now that I
Imagine what previous podcast that I shot here there's a lot of like jeans in it
It's like right now. It's just gonna be bare leg in it and I'm wondering if that's
An issue not that I want like every comment to be about that
But if you casually think about it way in below yeah
I could go shorter longer. I can make sure that I'm wearing fucking
Jeans next time as it gets hotter. It's just gonna. Yeah, I could be round. I could be the
That's guy. It's a thing from TikTok as well. I am on TikTok
Thanks for bringing it up. Okay, Blumer
Which is sort of a a pun on okay boomer friend Billy thought of it
Because I felt old on the trail
It's crazy
Yeah, follow me and Sally on
TikTok is where
Probably gonna co-labs soon or I'm gonna
We should know the dance to
Or the work one. I think that that one will actually yeah
It's been worth it. If we dance to that, I think it would go viral. Yeah, they're really bloody
You're really like the sweater one man. I do like like the song and then yeah
I mean, I can make you a sweater in any case. I was gonna ask what your price was for a commissioned piece
Yeah
You probably don't have time. No, well, it's like kind of hard because like with Courtney like she was promoting it
So I was like okay, why don't charge you as much but like they take so long
I'm like a charge like a hundred dollars
It's kind of like an NFT should charge crypto because people like yeah, what's one of the
Thearium it's fine people are paying you
It's hard to charge like a lot though because I'm like, I feel like an asshole like no one wants to pay three hundred dollars for sweat
Or if you charge a lot then it's like holy shit that person can afford that sweater like that's how watches work
Right, they tell time just as well
But like holy shit that guy has that specific one so your sweaters like oh my god
That's a Sally-dara original
Those were like
$1,200
Are there Sally-dara knit uh flippers
Flippers, what do you mean they buy from you for?
Oh, they sell for 37
Oh, that would be more of a disease. No, I'm not that important yet. Yeah
I don't know right now probably like two hundred three hundred because I'm like I sell to I sell to friends too
So I'm just like I'm not gonna charge you a lot. I think you can upcharge because our audience is a bunch of like and
Freak
If it was a total stranger, I would charge more though because I'm like that's my baby which my friends I get to see my
Sweat. Yes, right. Yeah. I don't have to fully let him go. Yeah. Well, uh I have a I might they up my credit limit
So I also I'll drop 250 on an SDG. Okay, but what would you say? I think it would
I might have to go
Probably something rice really. Oh, rice would be good. Yeah, rhythm of the rice. That's yeah, okay
We were I was gonna do Darpool karaoke
Maybe if we have you a back-on ever will do that. That would be fun. Yeah, but I felt too bad making you sing
I did aqua Paladin high school. I could say that's my friend that I said lives like next door
We did aqua Paladin I got it. Oh, yeah, all right
We did it first episode in the LA studio. Thank you guys so much for watching
Jeffrey James on Instagram Jeff Boy already on Twitter and we'll see you guys again next week
That's Daw's folks
That was a hit dumb original
you